# Step 1: Deploy Azure infrastructure

Update the `.\iac\main.parameters.json` file with values appropriate for your deployment. The default values for most parameters should be sufficent; however, the parameters below require your attent:

- regions: Array of regions to which the the solution will be deployed.
- primaryRegionIndex: Zero based index of the region from list of regions with will serve as the primary metadata region.
- name: Short application name. Should be 4 characters or less.
- environment: Name of the environment (e.g. dev, test, prod, sndbx). Should be 5 charaters or less.
- logAnalyticsResourceId: Resource ID of the Log Analytics workspace to which AKS will send Container Insights logs. This workspace will also be used as the backing store for each Application Insights resource per region.

Save the `main.parameters.json` file and deploy execute a subscription deployment. NOTE: The account used to deploy the template must have `Owner` permission on the subscription due to the necessary role assignments needing to be set.

```bash
az login
bicep build .\iac\main.bicep
az deployment sub create -n main -l eastus -f .\iac\main.json -p .\iac\parameters.json
````

Although this should not happen, you may encounter a `PrincipalNotFound` error while deploying the template on the first run. If this does happen, run the deployment command again which should complete cleanly.

```bash
az deployment sub create -n main -l eastus -f .\iac\main.json -p .\iac\main.parameters.json
````

NOTE: If you deploy this solution, delete the resources and redeploy, you may encounter `ConflictError` with the message `Exist soft deleted vault with the same name.` Follow these steps to purge or recover the previously delete Key Vault: [List, recover, or purge a soft-deleted key vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/key-vault-recovery?tabs=azure-portal#list-recover-or-purge-a-soft-deleted-key-vault)

## Outputs
When the template deployment completes, search for the `outputs` part of the logs and copy and paste the `aksPodIdentityCommands` and `aksCredentialCommands` to a text editor - we'll need these in subsequent steps.

The `aksPodIdentityCommands` will resemble:

```bash
az aks pod-identity add -g <myResourceGroup> --cluster-name <myAKSCluster> --namespace <myNamespace>  -n <myPodidentityName> --identity-resource-id <myUserManagedIdentityResourceId>
````

And the `aksCredentialCommands` will resemble:

```bash
az aks get-credentials -g <myResourceGroup> -n <myAKSCluster>
````
## Deployed Resources
Upon successful deployment you will have the following:

- Resource Group named `<NAME>-<ENV>-CORE`
    - Container Registry (and associated replications to specified regions)
    - Cosmos DB

For each region you specified in the parameters.json

- Resource Group named `<NAME>-<ENV>-<REGION>`
    - Application Insights
    - AKS cluster
    - Key Vault
    - Event Hub Namespace and associated Event Hub named telemetry
    - Storage Account for Orleans clustering setting
    - Storage Account for checkpointing replication

- Resource Group named `<NAME>-<ENV>-<REGION>-NODES`
    - Load Balancer
    - Public IP address
    - Virtual Network
    - Network Security Group
    - VMSS
        - System
        - API
        - Processor
        - Replicator
    - User assigned managed identities
        - OMS Agent
        - AKS Agent Pool
